[Music]
the issue is Shield alert so I started
working on it and what what we are
probably three months
into Don's Shield campaign right now and
we've got some interest in two lawmakers
at the state and federal level who are
starting to look at her case but still
no interest from the media this has
always been a huge barrier for us is to
get media attention for these Shield
campaigns so um I'm just gonna um leave
it at that because um I don't want to
steal too much of you Tong's time I
think I've already kind of gone over my
share of the time um and so I I do want
to introduce you to
yuong um UT Tong's pronouns are she and
they you um um uong is associated with
the university in New York and I
forgotten uong will have to tell you
herself and forgive me uong
um utong is a mathematician and does a
lot of computer work and has recently
started volunteering for mind Freedom
which I'm very grateful for I'm very
excited maybe to work with utong on
updating our website and our
Communications
platforms um but yeah so I just want to
turn it over to her now and um
maybe if there's questions for any
remainder of what I said maybe we can
you Tong and I can take those questions
together however Eric wants to do
that hello can you all hear
me hello with you don't thank you can
you hear me I can hear you okay great uh
now can you see my
screen we can but it's so small it needs
to be spotlighted and enri you know how
to um
Spotlight her screen in in Google
yes yeah then then then you do it I I I
I can see if I can get the camera
working well I can see your screen but
it's too small it needs they need like
maybe my maybe I need to change my view
on my end so I can see it better I will
also work on the settings now is a
spotlight if we silence mik he's going
to be on top and I will work to make it
better if I can
okay you great you yeah okay then I
don't think I can get the camera working
I tried so hard but yeah so uh I'm go so
a quick introduction for for myself I'm
a mathematician and a researcher in the
formal Sciences uh interested in formal
methods in all the application of formal
methods in all sorts of things and also
a human rights Advocates of uh in I'm
from CH China the bad one People's
Republic of China uh I'm a political
dissident here right now I'm seeking
asylum in New York while uh while
working on various projects and
initiative uh with sun
campus uh and uh I here to primarily uh
talk about the uh political abuse and
all sorts of abuse of Psychiatry uh in
China and also from what I heard for the
past hour I'm adding uh two more things
one is the uh uh seven etics in the the
Abilify uh cyber ethics in the Abilify
mysight I think I would mention a little
bit about that because I I heard of
these past uh uh stories about how the
how like basically as I put it in the
chat one technology when any kind of
Technology when it gets abused by people
with small intentions it can like from
the history of my country it we know
that it can cause insane Calamity such
as uh well genocidal calamities and also
I will talk a little bit if time allows
I just thought about formal methods in
neurosciences but those are the things
that I'm in the lat later I will be
pursuing so like if you are interested
in it let me type uh
my
uh uh here is my contact information if
you are interested in uh talking to me
okay so uh I guess with the content uh
like I discussed with ER I'm first all
going to talk about this person like uh
oh that's
the uh this person so uh Sarah Sarah
used to talk about how her campaign was
about doing
psychiatrist uh do they not a so yeah
I'm talking this bad psychiatrist no
they are so like uh basically here's the
summary China has a has all sorts of
social problems and we do they cause
mental health crisis on a lot of people
uh young people old people alike all
population all demographics and uh the
way we deal with it uh while our bad
Administration start with it's to blame
things and then in the first decade of
the century their their campaigns to
blame video games uh they created a a a
studo scientific uh diagnosis of
addiction to internet and then they put
in
resources like air quotes researchers
and doctors into how they treat it and
the way they treat it is through just as
the you are introduced by the by Sara
and by previous uh previous presenters
uh abuse of Psychiatry through author
authoritarianism through abusive
authorities through taking away people's
rights and in this case well I guess our
our is a very outdated electric electric
electr convulsive therapy
that's without Anastasia so that
practice it has far out of use for a
long time uh in like Europe or America
and I I just I guess I want to bring the
person who is Behind These atrophies to
to to the light and then I don't think I
have the time to go very deep on the the
the history of the
the the person but uh like if you Google
their name there are some well
translated information regarding them
there are also uh more uh instead of
instead of academic uh or more like uh
how should I say literary or artistic
representation of this piece of history
in my country in terms of fictions or
very ironically video games and uh yeah
that's the first person and the second
one I want to talk about how why China
wants to like we create
situations well our our government the
Chinese Communist Party creates
situations that
deliberately worsens uh the general
populations
the life quality which includes mental
health uh mental health situations and
they will use different kinds of methods
such as anti-religion anti-religion
campaigns persecution of religious
minorities and uh if you know about
enrick was very interested about that
like if you are interested in the
feminist side so
basically uh well that's a another long
cultural and political issue but
basically with the one child policy with
the cont with their horrible campaign on
controlling the explosion of our
population they had this campaign called
one 100 Days with no child basically
it's possibly sterilizing people like
underprivileged people underprivileged
population who do not who do not respect
their reproductive policies which is a
horrible direct perpetration to people's
uh basic human rights of reproductive
autonomy uh it's called 100 Days with no
child uh like that's a big umbrella term
for all sorts of campaign like one child
policy campaign about like about
basically uh uh well well killing new
newborns killing newborn infants and
then for sterilization and then oh
uh like I would do not show any any the
like images or footage or do uh or
explicit documents description of that
if you are interested in that you can
you can look at that and then and I also
I think uh uh first of October people
talk like uh Eric invited other people
to talk about uh abuse of uh organ
transplant
systems uh like live organ harvesting
and also the zero Co
policy uh I guess in terms of the zero
Co policy and it's in intersection with
the uh with the human rights abuses and
especially with the political Abus of
Psychiatry I had a person I like a
person writing a monologue that I
translated I put it in this document for
you if you want to hear there there's
very ch a very sad and very enraging
story about uh the mental health
situation in China during the past three
years from 2020 to 20 to early this year
uh uh about the zero Co policy and its
implication on to General populations
and disident communities uh mental
health in general uh and uh I guess yeah
I wouldn't probably go into details
about that and then just to mention a
little bit about the Abilify myet I I
just heard of it today but I figure out
all of I Google out all of this
information I would very much so my work
one like one branch of my research work
works in the formal verification of
Information Systems it's uh like
basically you're writing mathematical
proofs about uh computer softwares and
Hardwares to show that they satisfy a
specific uh specification and also with
verified Computing like protection of
people's privacy of course which
includes uh like different uh like uh
judicial Medicals uh uh uh sorry uh
consumers and uh like their their
privacies and then these are the works
that can be put into place basically are
writing mathematical proof saying that
there is
no like and unintentional mald
designed Mal designed code in your
computer system I would like that's a
what it's also that's that's it's very
technical so I wouldn't bore you a lot
but this is formal methods is a
potential solution a future for the
research of cyber uh cyber ethics uh in
a lot of things I just want to uh bring
let let me let me let me B this for
methods that's a another thing that I
just realized I can mention and then
foral methods in neurosciences there is
also a lot of advances in that because
we are trying very hard to figure out
what different kinds of probably unri
since they are they are going
through uh they they are going through a
training for heal science or medical
practices I think they will much better
understand like how
neurotransmitters affect people's mental
state or things like that so basically
here's the catchphrase we know nothing
we know nothing about how human brains
work what's like with Abilify AR
arazo that's the or the first generation
Hollow parado or P Florida or these kind
of neuroleptic antipsychotics they are
doing basically the almost nothing
Beyond gas
workor so that's bad and we want to
figure out a way to utilize formal
method computational methods in
neurosciences to make a make up some
kind of explanation or if we don't we
want to present a proof to stop bad
practices in in in mental health care uh
globally uh that's I guess that's the Su
of the things the more research stuff
that I want to like I want to talk about
okay great I have 10 minutes with stara
together to take
questions hello thank you so
much I have a question about the abil
because that's the um drug that the
person I told you about Don deuba oh
excuse me whoever is Whoever has people
talking in the background could they
please mute
[Music]
their or is it me
I we do sorry about that uh uh okay uh
go go ask the question
okay um so my question has to do with a
bifi because that's the drug that dond
deuba the person who's at the center of
the shield campaign I
described that's the drug she's being
subjected to so um there's now this new
drug uh it's a Depot injection she's
being subjected to a Depot injection and
you rightly pointed out that that is the
drug that got per um it got approval
from the Food and Drug admin
Administration the corrupt uh uh United
States uh Watchdog for drugs uh it got
approval to I don't know for a limited
population of people I don't know under
what circumstances this new uh Abilify
Depo injection will be used but
supposedly it's
traceable um and I'm I'm going to assume
that maybe it's traceable because uh
once it's in your stomach it's subjected
to a different pH and maybe the the pH
activates some kind of radio signal that
then talks to the app on your
psychiatrist phone so I don't know the
mechanics of it but I'd be curious to
know what the mechanics of it are how
people can hack it and since you brought
up there's privacy concerns um ethics
concerns I I would like to go in on that
a little bit um because if a doctor um
has some kind of bioengineer engineered
device uh that he can monitor the
compliance of his patients that seems
very very futuristic and very ominous to
me um like kind of like a George
orwellian I guess you could
say okay uh so I
think like so bort is a like I think my
sight is a chip for the tablet form of
this of this drug it's oh okay
interesting that you like because the
injection is usually it's not done by
the patient or the caregivers the
themsel I don't think you it makes sense
for you to and I don't even know is it
possible for you to put a chip in the
injection uh oh okay okay but uh in
terms of the I can do some out Place
research mechanism of action like how
the chip works but uh okay like for
example as I would probably say somebody
has already figured out how the
mechanism works or how how how to hack
it like okay okay yeah that's there like
if it when it comes to different kinds
of computer scientist or technology call
people they are really radical in a
sense like they see something bad they
are going to do things about it
don't worry about it I I will give you
some documents about it and uh if it's
in a pill I don't think they can put
very very complicated things into it and
also yes about ethics Parts uh like for
example this this the the tracking data
from the from the chip it definitely
cannot be
shared to anyone like that's just a very
fundamental principle thing uh in in
cyber ethics like you can't share like
think about the like we we heard some
story about how like apple or some some
kind of thing they want to put like a
cro
Electro okay give me okay uh like so
they are trying to meas
uh the the person their users bring
bring electric activity and then collect
data from it that's also very very
horrible that's against the principle of
all all sorts of things and it's
definitely not acceptable to do stuff
like and just so we're clear um you Tong
I when I say hack hack that Abilify um
mechanism I mean giving patients the
ability
to interfere with that like previously
you could your pills right now you can't
even cheek your pills because the
doctor's going to know if you're
cheeking your pills or not yes that's
exactly what I meant as well like to to
to to pollute the in uh to pollute the
input of that chip and then pollute the
request to their their server or their
phone especially that I think this thing
I think it work it works by a Bluetooth
connection right I I just yes it's it's
combined with a wearable Bluetooth patch
capturing the me medication ingestion
objective blah blah blah but uh yes in
which case then that weable Bluetooth
patch is definitely we can work on that
and I'm sure there are people who have
who have already worked on that in fact
let me just go to go on GitHub and check
if there is go to code go to codes for C
we have a member of Mind Freedom who's a
codes for cause member maybe maybe they
could take this on as a project yeah
well I am as well but uh let's see if we
can get anything uh aify
myself probably not I mean but yeah let
me get back uh for get back to you
through email or our next meeting with
with volunteering meeting or something I
would do some more research about that
fantastic thanks yeah like I have so I
think I can take another question or
Sarah you can take another question
before I have to go out to to a this
with another thing with my collaborator
IRL so yeah sorry
okay thank
you please go
ahead yeah you if you're still there I
what a lot of what you were sort of
saying was very interesting because that
type of surveillance and Technology
around uh pharmacology hasn't actually
reached the UK so it's um it's excellent
in terms of me being knowledgeable of
that um uh that um use within the uh
United States and other uh countries
because I can prepare some of my
networks for the uh possibility of that
that being uh uh present here at some
stage but it also begs the question um
uh about um uh prescribing through uh
compliance rather than concordance yeah
you know and uh that to me is a real
ethical issue when I was training as a
social worker back in the mid 80s it was
the very radical time in um uh in uh
social work in the UK uh we were going
through a terrible recession a very
reactionary government and um we were
always told to work concordantly with
people alongside them and with their
consent as much as possible obviously
you've got to be also mindful of um
safeguarding issues but in the main we
were told to you must work
concordantly and um and only use
compliance when everything else has
failed um and yet we do have uh
Community treatment orders um in the UK
whereby people have to take their
medication and if they don't comply they
can be recalled to hospital um you know
which gain is punitive and uh it also um
uh uh um conveys for me uh that we all
make mistakes in life we all make bad
decisions why can't people in mental
health uh uh take a a risk of making a
bad decision um or a poor judgment
everyone else does it and why are we
restricting uh that Natural Freedom that
most of us enjoy um um there might be uh
consequences to that and and we we have
to deal with that but I I really am
opposed to to compliance um if nothing
else because it rarely Works um uh
people will find a way of rejecting it
or or or undermining it um it might work
for a week or two but people will resist
and they will challenge it in some way
um so it doesn't work in my experience
anyway you're far better at building a
rapport with the person that's uh
receiving that medication give them the
information that they need so that they
can make an informed decision and um
ultimately it might not be in their best
interest but I do believe people have
the um the right to to refuse or to
reject it um and uh you know there are
many people that I've come into contact
UM that have found other ways other than
medication to help manage their
conditions and who am I to judge whether
that works or not they certainly testify
that it does work for them so uh thank
you uton that was really valuable to
hear thank
you okay uh thank you as well and uh I
like I I had some other stuff that I
probably want to talk about but but I
don't have time the time to so I will
just leave the leave my contact
information here again my email and my
telegram if you want to like I can talk
a lot of more about China because China
is like it's insanely different from the
US it's
extremely like the situation is really
bad compared to what you have in the UK
and the and the US and also with the
technology iCal size uh with the like
with the with the hacking the chip thing
we can definitely also work on that
Sarah maybe I later today I will I will
send you an email about different like
followup on that and absolutely thank
thanks for the offer utong and for
Enrique just for other people that might
have read the chat I know that utong and
I are kind of privately um strategizing
already on this issue of the Abilify um
technology um but um I think that the
greater issue is the one that Chris uh
brought up which is the ethics behind
forc medication the right to fail um and
I would also pull into this the abysmal
track record of predicting who will be
violent which is supposedly the reason
why people um are forcibly medicated
they're supposed to be reach a threshold
of danger to themselves or others which
is rarely achieved um in a hearing but
anyway that because there's no no
predicting that but um the the the my
interest in and is circulating a public
hack for that a bifi pill would be
simply to force the public to reckon
with the ethics behind it not
necessarily to enable people to to
bypass their their Force treatment
because I think that would help very few
people um and the system would find a
way to circumvent any efforts we made so
the the thing is just to go you know
find any reason to get these issues into
the public discourse back you know get
the media involved the media is just
silent on this issue even though it's
affecting hundreds of thousands of
people and so um this might be one of
the the ways that we could do that so
thank thanks for listening and I'll I'll
shut up
now okay thank you for sharing that I
guess I probably got a goal so uh let's
talk uh maybe later about different
kinds of details and do you all have my
contact information if you need it I
think I put it in the chat and then and
SAR already has already have that so I
do thank you you Tong okay great pride
and solidarity everybody Bye by thank
you Sarah I Shar that you asking for
volunteers that's correct right yes
fantastic come with me I have to
say yeah the the the situations that
youon had shared there is a the other
layer of this that it's so difficult to
get to testimonies because of the
surveillance and the punishment if it's
kind of complicated in our countries
imagine in that so
yeah and by the way Chris yeah I I did
my best to to do the research you did in
Spain I co them for the the chapter
Sarah it is hard it is hard even for
researchers with as he social worker
with me I should know because I'm
it's hard to get the testimonies and
it's painful for for everybody in both
at some point so
yeah but it is that is a need to do it
and hopefully we can contribute as well
collaborate
yep if everybody agrees
we I'm gonna introduce Antonio he is
equatorian medical doctor the
presentation is going to be in Spanish
he was forced to work in a PR controlled
by one of the gangs in the country he
was almost killed
there uh this is common knowledge the
government is in the current one with
the guns not doing what they should that
is a paradigmatic example of abuse they
do ask for any drugs do whatever they
want kill people Etc
Anon we are going to switch the language
of the subtitles it's going to be
translated into from Spanish to English
and I hope that everything works
Antonio he